# Westerosi Administration
westerosi_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = westerosi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = westerosi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Westerosi Military
westerosi_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = westerosi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = westerosi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Essosian Administration
essosian_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = essosian
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = essosian
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Essosian Military
essosian_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = essosian
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = essosian
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Ghiscari Administration
ghiscari_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = ghiscari
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = ghiscari
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Ghiscari Military
ghiscari_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = ghiscari
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = ghiscari
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Qartheen Administration
quartheen_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = quartheen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = quartheen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Qartheen Military
quartheen_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = quartheen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = quartheen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Naathi Administration
naathi_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = naathi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = naathi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Naathi Military
naathi_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = naathi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = naathi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Farosi Administration
farosi_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = farosi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = farosi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Farosi Military
farosi_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = farosi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = farosi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Yitish Administration
yiti_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = yiti
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = yiti
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Yitish Military
yiti_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = yiti
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = yiti
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Hyrkooni Administration
hyrkooni_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = hyrkooni
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = hyrkooni
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Hyrkooni Military
hyrkooni_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = hyrkooni
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = hyrkooni
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Neferi Administration
nefer_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = nefer
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = nefer
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Neferi Military
nefer_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = nefer
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = nefer
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Stepstone Administration
stepstones_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = stepstones
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = stepstones
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Stepstone Military
stepstones_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = stepstones
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = stepstones
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Ibbenese Administration
ibbenese_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = ibbenese
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = ibbenese
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Ibbenese Military
ibbenese_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = ibbenese
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = ibbenese
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Summer Islander Administration
summer_islanders_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = summer_islanders
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = summer_islanders
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Summer Islander Military
summer_islanders_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = summer_islanders
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = summer_islanders
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Valyrian Administration
valyrian_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = valyrian
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = valyrian
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Valyrian Military
valyrian_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = valyrian
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = valyrian
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Asshai Administration
asshai_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = asshai
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = asshai
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Asshai Military
asshai_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = asshai
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = asshai
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# White Walker Administration
white_walker_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = white_walker
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = white_walker
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# White Walker Military
white_walker_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = white_walker
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = white_walker
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Bloodless Administration
bloodless_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = bloodless
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = bloodless
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Bloodless Military
bloodless_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = bloodless
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = bloodless
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Dothraki Administration
dothraki_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = dothraki
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = dothraki
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Dothraki Military
dothraki_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = dothraki
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = dothraki
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Jogos Nhai Administration
jogos_nhai_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = jogos_nhai
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = jogos_nhai
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Jogos Nhai Military
jogos_nhai_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = jogos_nhai
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = jogos_nhai
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Wildling Administration
wildling_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = wildling
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = wildling
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Wildling Military
wildling_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = wildling
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = wildling
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Mossovi Administration
mossovi_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = mossovi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = mossovi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Mossovi Military
mossovi_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = mossovi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = mossovi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Sothoryosi Administration
sothoryosi_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = sothoryosi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = sothoryosi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Sothoryosi Military
sothoryosi_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = sothoryosi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = sothoryosi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Ulthosi Administration
ulthosi_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = ulthosi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = ulthosi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Ulthosi Military
ulthosi_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = ulthosi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = ulthosi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Fishfolk Administration
fishfolk_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = fishfolk
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = fishfolk
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Fishfolk Military
fishfolk_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = fishfolk
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = fishfolk
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Shadowfolk Administration
shadowfolk_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = shadowfolk
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = shadowfolk
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Shadowfolk Military
shadowfolk_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = shadowfolk
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = shadowfolk
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Stonemen Administration
stonemen_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = stonemen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = stonemen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Stonemen Military
stonemen_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = stonemen
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = stonemen
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# Cannibal Administration
cannibal_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = cannibal
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = cannibal
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# Cannibal Military
cannibal_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = cannibal
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = cannibal
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

# K'Dathi Administration
kdathi_administration = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = kdathi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = kdathi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}
# K'Dathi Military
kdathi_military = {
	potential = {
        technology_group = kdathi
	}

	trigger = {
        technology_group = kdathi
	}

	# Buffs

    # Debuffs
}

