namespace = pop_migration

#-------------------------------
# Pop Types
#-------------------------------
# wastelander
# raider
# tribal
# robot
# super_mutant
# ghoul
# swampfolk
# synth
# rodent
# beastlord
# alien
# deathclaw
# fungal
# dwarf
# legion
# bos
# coa
# vault_dweller
# institute
# enclave
# shi

#-------------------------------
# Migration events
#-------------------------------
# Migration of Wastelanders
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.1
	title = pop_migration.1.title
	desc = pop_migration.1.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes
    
    option = {
		name = pop_migration.1.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = wastelander }
    }
}

# Migration of Raiders
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.2
	title = pop_migration.2.title
	desc = pop_migration.2.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.2.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = raider }
    }
}

# Migration of Tribal
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.3
	title = pop_migration.3.title
	desc = pop_migration.3.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.3.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = tribal }
    }
}

# Migration of Robots
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.4
	title = pop_migration.4.title
	desc = pop_migration.4.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.4.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = robot }
    }
}

# Migration of Super Mutants
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.5
	title = pop_migration.5.title
	desc = pop_migration.5.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes
    
    option = {
		name = pop_migration.5.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = super_mutant }
    }
}

# Migration of Ghoul
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.6
	title = pop_migration.6.title
	desc = pop_migration.6.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.6.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = ghoul }
    }
}

# Migration of Swampfolk
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.7
	title = pop_migration.7.title
	desc = pop_migration.7.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.7.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = swampfolk }
    }
}

# Migration of Synths
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.8
	title = pop_migration.8.title
	desc = pop_migration.8.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.8.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = synth }
    }
}

# Migration of Rodents
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.9
	title = pop_migration.9.title
	desc = pop_migration.9.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.9.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = rodent }
    }
}

# Migration of Beastlords
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.10
	title = pop_migration.10.title
	desc = pop_migration.10.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.10.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = beastlord }
    }
}

# Migration of Zetans
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.11
	title = pop_migration.11.title
	desc = pop_migration.11.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.11.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = alien }
    }
}

# Migration of Deathclaws
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.12
	title = pop_migration.12.title
	desc = pop_migration.12.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.12.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = deathclaw }
    }
}

# Migration of Spore Carriers
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.13
	title = pop_migration.13.title
	desc = pop_migration.13.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.13.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = fungal }
    }
}

# Migration of Dwarfs
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.14
	title = pop_migration.14.title
	desc = pop_migration.14.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.14.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = dwarf }
    }
}

# Migration of Legionaries
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.15
	title = pop_migration.15.title
	desc = pop_migration.15.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.15.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = legion }
    }
}

# Migration of Paladins
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.16
	title = pop_migration.16.title
	desc = pop_migration.16.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.16.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = bos }
    }
}

# Migration of Cultists
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.17
	title = pop_migration.17.title
	desc = pop_migration.17.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.17.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = coa }
    }
}

# Migration of Vault Dwellers
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.18
	title = pop_migration.18.title
	desc = pop_migration.18.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.18.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = vault_dweller }
    }
}

# Migration of Institute Staff
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.19
	title = pop_migration.19.title
	desc = pop_migration.19.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.19.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = institute }
    }
}

# Migration of Enclave
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.20
	title = pop_migration.20.title
	desc = pop_migration.20.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes

    option = {
		name = pop_migration.20.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = enclave }
    }
}

# Migration of Shi
province_event = {
	id = pop_migration.21
	title = pop_migration.21.title
	desc = pop_migration.21.desc
	picture = FREESIDE_eventPicture
	
    is_triggered_only = yes
    
    option = {
		name = pop_migration.21.option.a
    
        upgrade_pop = { TYPE = shi }
    }
}