has_country_flag = artifact_elemental_lairat
has_country_flag = artifact_onyx_annulet
has_country_flag = artifact_spark_of_ingenuity
has_country_flag = artifact_awakmani
has_country_flag = artifact_kharnalex
has_country_flag = artifact_pashmars_finial
has_country_flag = artifact_anu_azshara
has_country_flag = artifact_scepter_of_the_azshari
has_country_flag = artifact_arcane_phial
has_country_flag = artifact_vision_of_demise
has_country_flag = artifact_pearl_of_pandaria
clr_country_flag = primary_artifact_elemental_lairat
clr_country_flag = primary_artifact_onyx_annulet
clr_country_flag = primary_artifact_spark_of_ingenuity
clr_country_flag = primary_artifact_awakmani
clr_country_flag = primary_artifact_kharnalex
clr_country_flag = primary_artifact_pashmars_finial
clr_country_flag = primary_artifact_anu_azshara
clr_country_flag = primary_artifact_scepter_of_the_azshari
clr_country_flag = primary_artifact_arcane_phial
clr_country_flag = primary_artifact_vision_of_demise
clr_country_flag = primary_artifact_pearl_of_pandaria
